3.5 release notes - Foreman Google (#1769)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman.adoc

[id="foreman-upgrade-warnings"]
== Upgrade Warnings

=== Google Compute resouce as plugin

> Google compute resource have been extracted to the [Foreman Google](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google) plugin.

Reviewer: Link notation in Asciidoc is different from Markdown.
```suggestion
Google compute resource have been extracted to the https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google[Foreman Google] plugin.
```

> Note: Foreman instances with enabled Google compute resource will be migrated automatically to the plugin.
> On new Foreman instances, Google compute resource first have to be enabled by running `foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-google --enable-foreman-cli-google`

Reviewer: Also made a wording suggestion.
```suggestion
Note: Foreman instances with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.
On new Foreman instances, you must first enable Google compute resource by running `foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-google --enable-foreman-cli-google`
```

Reviewer 2: I'd leave out the instructions for new instances and just stick to a note for the existing users of `foreman-gce`.

[id="foreman-upgrade-warnings"]
== Upgrade Warnings

=== Google Compute resouce as plugin

> Google compute resource have been extracted to the [Foreman Google](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google) plugin.

Reviewer 2: Could you please describe the migration path for the user?

* The `foreman_chef` plugin is unmaintained and broken since a few releases.
  It has been removed from the Installer and Packaging.
* Google compute resource has been extracted to the https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google[Foreman Google] plugin.

>   Note: {ProjectServer} with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: {ProjectServer}s with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.
```

>   Note: Foreman instances with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Note: {ProjectServer} with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.
```

A bit unsure here. cc @Levi-Leah

* The `foreman_chef` plugin is unmaintained and broken since a few releases.
  It has been removed from the Installer and Packaging.

> * Google compute resource has been extracted to the https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google[Foreman Google] plugin.
> +
> NOTE: {ProjectServer}s with enabled Google compute resource are migrated automatically to the plugin.

Reviewer 2: Language wise isn't this a better word order? I'd also merge the two sentences.
```suggestion
* Google compute resource has been extracted to the https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_google[Foreman Google] plugin. {ProjectServer}s with Google compute resources enabled are automatically migrated to the plugin.
```
